Terraform is a tool to manage the entire lifecycle of infrastructure using infrastructure as code. That means declaring infrastructure components
in configuration files that are then used by terraform to provision adjust and tear down infrastructure in various cloud providers.

Configuration files describes number of instances to run.

Key Features of Terraform:
Infrastructure as code:		Infrastructure is described using a high level config syntax. Infrastructure can be shared and reused.
Execution Plans :			Terraform has a planning step where it generates as execution plan. Terraform executes plan when we apply.
Resource Plans :			It builds a graph of all resources and parallelizes the creation and modification of any non-dependent resources.
Change Automation :			Avoids many possible human errors by using complex changesets to infrastructure with minimal human interaction. 

Core terraform workflow :	Write -> Author infrastructure(Configurationfile) as code.
							Plan  -> Preview changes before applying.
							Apply -> Provision reproducible infrastructure.

HCL or Harshcorp  Language is common language used to define Configuration file.

Resources need to be defined in any project's configuration file, this gives access to the API to which we interact. Here we describe the piece of infrastructure
to be created this can range from compute instances to defining specific permissions and much more.

Terraform offers a great way to to package and reuse common code in the form of modules. Terraform modules are comparable to functions in programming language. 
Modules present a standard interface for creating resources by providing inputs and returning outputs.

State management is a key component to any long term terraform project. Terraform state file keeps track of all changes in an environment.
State file can also serve as data source that can be imported by other Terraform projects.

Terraform init
Terraform fmt
Terraform validate
Terraform plan
Terraform apply
Terraform show
Terraform destroy are basic terraform commands.